README.md, before:

# AccountSwitcherBeta
Simple application to switch between accounts, initially, steam. </br>
</br>
[![License: GNU](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-GNU-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/GPL-2.0)
</br></br>
Changing active accounts is done by sending basic commands to the steam client, preventing the process from ending abruptly but automating logout and login.</br>
It is necessary that version 1.8.0_271 or newer of the java runtime environment (JRE) is installed for the perfect functioning of the application. </br>
It is also necessary that the steam client is installed correctly. </br>
Initially the application is only running on Windows 7 or higher.</br>
PS. If you use windows 7, steam can start slowly a few times. It is advisable to give administrative privileges to the steam executable through a manifest file </br>
<b>PS. The executable file (.exe) is being created through Launch4j and that is why some antiviruses like Avast are reporting false positives. I advise that if you want to use the .exe to scan the file so that your antivirus recognizes it as a safe file. Or use the .jar file directly</b>
</br>
Enjoy!!!</br>
Your feedback is very important...

Commit message:

Implementation of updater
-Added table fixing mechanism
-Spanish bundle bug fix
-README update

README.md, after:

# AccountSwitcherBeta
Simple application to switch between accounts, initially, steam. </br>
</br>
[![License: GNU](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-GNU-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/GPL-2.0)
</br></br>

## Screenshots
![screen2](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/73313396/98300455-aee59d00-1f8f-11eb-8289-c39381256da6.jpeg)
![screen3](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/73313396/98300462-b016ca00-1f8f-11eb-895c-bbf0dd6f9f49.jpeg)
![screen4](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/73313396/98300464-b0af6080-1f8f-11eb-8578-6d2983f77ec5.jpeg)
![screen5](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/73313396/98300467-b147f700-1f8f-11eb-88c7-93bec56e5149.jpeg)
![screen6](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/73313396/98300469-b147f700-1f8f-11eb-891b-4ad2ff4ec9fe.jpeg)
![screen7](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/73313396/98300472-b1e08d80-1f8f-11eb-95f0-09dcf6088355.jpeg)
![screen8](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/73313396/98300476-b311ba80-1f8f-11eb-9ffe-f3d00115e59b.jpeg)


## Overview
Changing active accounts is done by sending basic commands to the steam client, preventing the process from ending abruptly but automating logout and login.</br>
The application is currently supporting English, Brazilian Portuguese and Spanish</br>
If you switch accounts during the execution of a game, steam will send a command to close the game and immediately afterwards you will be logged in with the other account</br>
The application was not intended to cheat, just automate switching between accounts</br>


## Requisites
It is necessary that [version 9.0.4 or newer of the java runtime environment (JRE)](https://www.oracle.com/java/technologies/javase/javase9-archive-downloads.html) is installed for the perfect functioning of the application. </br>
It is also necessary that the steam client is installed correctly. </br>
Initially the application is only running on Windows 7 or higher.</br>

## Known Issues
-If you use windows 7, steam can start slowly a few times. It is advisable to give administrative privileges to the steam executable </br>
<b>PS. The executable file (.exe) is being created through Launch4j and that is why some antiviruses like Avast are reporting false positives. I advise that if you want to use the .exe to scan the file so that your antivirus recognizes it as a safe file. Or use the .jar file directly</b>
</br>

Enjoy!!!</br>
Your feedback is very important...
